[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[wind whistling]
[gasps]
It appears you are ready to join
the land of the living again, Arisen.
Who are you?
I am a Pawn,
and I shall be your protector.
[Ethan gasps]
Olivia...
[gasps]
[panting]
[crows cawing]
[Ethan grunting]
[gasps softly]
[gasps]
[sobbing]
Olivia...
[Dragon roars]
[Ethan yells]
[crows cawing]
How am I still alive?
I shouldn't be here.
The Dragon...
it took everything from me.
You have been chosen.
You are an Arisen.
[Ethan gasps]
You keep calling me that.
But what the hell does it mean?
An Arisen is one
whose heart is taken by the Dragon.
But that does not kill the Arisen,
for the Arisen's heart exists
not in his body
but in his courage and will.
Pawns like me are drawn to the Arisen.
[Ethan]
Do you know how insane that sounds?
[Pawn] It matters not how it sounds.
What matters is that it's real.
Why me?
I don't understand.
It matters not that you understand.
What matters is that it's real.
[sobs]
I should have died with my family.
-[Dragon] Brave human.
-[Ethan gasps]
[Dragon] Heed my words.
If thou desires thine heart returned...
come to my lair.
I await thine arrival.
The Dragon...
beckons me.
Mark my words.
The Dragon will die by my hand.
That is my one and only purpose now.
[Pawn] I shall accompany you.
Serving you is my one
and only purpose now.
The Dragon flew beyond those mountains.
Then that is where we go.
[footsteps]
[Ethan] What's your name, girl?
[Pawn] Pawns do not possess such things.
[Ethan]
Well, what am I supposed to call you?
[Pawn] You may call me
whatever you please, Arisen.
[Ethan] Hmm.
Hmm.
[rabbit squeaks]
Impressive.
My father taught me how to hunt
and trap when I was a child.
[insects chirping]
[Ethan] That should do it.
No, thank you.
[Ethan] You have to eat something.
Even if you're not hungry,
your body needs it to survive.
[Pawn]
Pawns do not need food to sustain life.
You're joking.
[Pawn] What is "joking"?
Right.
Well, I guess that means more for me.
How about... "Hannah"?
Hannah?
Why that name?
It belonged to my mother.
Had Olivia given birth to a girl...
Well...
I have no need
of hanging onto it any longer.
Hannah.
Hannah will do.
[Ethan chuckles softly]
[armor clinks]
Shh.
[rumbling]
[monstrous grunting]
[chains rattling]
[Cyclops grunts]
[roars]
[Ethan grunts]
-W-What are you doing?
-I'm getting you out of here. [grunts]
[Cyclops grunts]
[snarls]
[Ethan grunts]
-[girl gasps]
-[Ethan grunts]
[girl whimpers]
[Cyclops snarls]
[bellows]
[Hannah] Arisen!
[Ethan grunts]
[girl whimpers]
[Cyclops bellows]
[grunts]
[Cyclops roars]
[girl munching ravenously]
Why the hell were you up there?
Who did that to you?
[girl] Uh...
[Ethan] Do you live nearby?
[girl] Mm-hmm.
[Ethan] Hmm.
[water sloshing]
Salai!
[young girl giggles]
Thank the gods!
What...? How...?
I'm sorry, Father.
Hush, now.
Don't worry, angel.
[sobs] This is a gift from the gods.
What have you done?
Have you any idea the trouble
you've brought upon this house?
The Arisen saved your daughter's life.
The Cyclops are known to be a cruel
and brutal race.
[sighs] She was chosen as the sacrifice.
It was her duty and her honor.
It's the only way to keep that monster
from destroying our village.
Her honor? Are you mad?
You don't understand.
Your actions have put us all in danger.
-[door creaks open]
-[footsteps]
Knock, knock.
Anyone home?
[man grunts]
[chuckles]
-Move!
-[mother gasps]
[door creaks shut]
-[Salai whimpers]
-[man grunts]
Looks like the rumors are true.
Your little bitch daughter is back.
Who are these men?
They're the ones what took Salai from us.
[man 2] Hmm.
You know, the Mayor is going to be furious
when he finds out.
I know.
But, please...
[tapping]
Hmm. Better find a way
to make it up to us.
[chuckles]
[tapping continues]
Uh...
[sighs]
Take whatever you want.
[chuckles] From this shithole?
[scoffs] Only thing you got is food,
so I guess that will have to do.
Round it up, boys!
You're lucky we're not taking
all three of your kids.
But who knows?
-Maybe we'll come back.
-[door creaks open]
[man scoffs]
See you around.
[chuckles]
[floorboard creaks]
Why did they take our food, Mommy?
I'm hungry.
I know, sweetie.
I'm sorry.
But we'll have to wait.
No, you won't.
Here.
It's not much, but it's all I have.
[food bubbling]
[father]
Our soil has been barren for years.
We used to hunt in the forest,
but since the Cyclops came,
it's become too dangerous.
We've managed to survive
by scavenging and begging.
But why offer to sacrifice
your own daughter?
-Every six months, a sacrifice is due.
-[children chattering]
Families that offer sacrifices
are exempt from levies,
and the Mayor gives them enough food
to make it through winter.
You and your wife will make it through
the next three winters,
but what about after?
[father whimpers]
Hannah...
I'm so ashamed of myself.
-[sobs]
-[boy] Tell us about the Cyclops.
[children slurping ravenously]
Fine. You talked me into it.
Here you are.
No, no. We couldn't.
[boy] I'll eat it!
Don't be rude, now!
He's fine. Here.
I want some more, too.
[boy] Too bad! [chuckles]
Hey, now! That's not nice.
Daddy...
[father sighs]
Here.
[gulping]
[exhales]
[man] It's fine, son.
I didn't want any, anyway.
[men munching]
[Mayor belches]
So, you two are responsible
for angering the Cyclops, huh?
My apologies.
Something about sacrificing children
just doesn't sit well with me.
[munching ravenously]
[man belches]
[swallows and exhales]
What's wrong, hmm?
[Ethan grunts softly]
Is my humble feast not enough
for you two lowly travelers?
I assure you, this food is the best
you'll have had in weeks.
Where did you acquire all of this food?
Your people barely have enough
to eat themselves.
This? [grunts]
This is nothing but a gift.
My people understand
the pains we go through
to protect them from that savage giant,
and to show their gratitude,
they've blessed us
with this rightful bounty.
-[Mayor chuckles]
-[Ethan scoffs]
I understand our practices may seem
a bit, uh, barbaric... [chuckles]
...but I assure you,
it's better than the alternative.
We're merely doing
what little we can to survive.
Survival is a natural compulsion.
[Ethan grunts softly]
Hmm. Your friend gets it.
I've always liked Pawns.
They're not influenced by petty emotions
like we humans are.
[Ethan grunts]
We're leaving, Hannah.
And where are you off to, boy?
I'm going to do something
you should have done a long time ago.
I'm going to kill that monster.
[Mayor's men laughing]
[cackles]
You and what army, huh?
[mocking Ethan]
"I'm gonna kill that monster."
I don't need an army.
[laughter continues]
[chuckles] Right.
Nevertheless, you showed great bravery,
even if it was a little stupid.
I could use a man of your nature.
No? Not interested?
Oh, well.
More spoils for us, then.
Ha-ha-ha!
[laughter trails off]
-[door slams]
-[Mayor grunts]
[man 2 grunts]
[wind whistling]
Are you sure about this?
[Ethan] There's not a doubt in my mind.
[Hannah] You feel connected
to this family, but the danger is great.
If we leave this Cyclops alive,
the Mayor will send for Salai again,
and eventually,
the other children as well.
I won't let that happen.
[Hannah]
But we have other affairs to attend to.
The Dragon can wait.
They're good people, Hannah.
Scared, but good.
They were forced
to make a horrible decision
for the survival of their family.
Those parents are starving themselves
in order to fill their children's bellies.
I noticed that.
It didn't make sense.
They are larger
and require more nourishment.
It was a foolish decision.
[scoffs] Foolish?
My father used to do that sort of thing.
He did everything he could for me.
He taught me the importance
of protecting your family...
what it means to be a man.
I've failed my wife and child.
I'll not fail this family.
I think I understand.
Arisen!
[Cyclops snarls]
-[Ethan grunts]
-[dramatic orchestral music playing]
[Ethan panting]
[whip cracks]
[Cyclops roars]
[arrow thuds]
[Mayor chuckles] I'm impressed.
I was starting to think
you were too cowardly to actually show up.
What the hell are you doing here?
He's been using the Cyclops as a tool.
-Clever.
-What?
Your Pawn is quite perceptive.
You see, it becomes rather easy
to take people's meager belongings
when they're filled with terror.
It was an ingenious play,
if I do say so myself.
You son of a bitch!
Now, now, now.
Don't let your emotions rule you.
I'll tell you what,
if you come work for me,
help keep my people in check,
I won't feed you to my little friend here.
No.
No more negotiating.
Your people starve in the streets
while you stuff your faces in the castle!
You're supposed to be protecting them,
not stealing from them!
-Looks like he's made his decision, then.
-[scoffs]
Now, he normally doesn't like
the flesh of adults:
too tough.
But considering
you robbed him of his dinner... [chuckles]
...he's likely hungry enough
to make an exception.
[Cyclops roars]
[Ethan grunts]
[man 3 grunts]
[Cyclops bellows]
[Ethan grunts]
[groans]
[Hannah] Arisen!
[Ethan grunts]
[man chuckles and snarls]
[Hannah gasps]
[man grunts]
[screams]
[both grunting]
[Ethan grunts]
[yells]
-[man 3 screams]
-[Cyclops roars]
You must run your sword through its eye.
[Ethan] We need to bring it down
to our level, then.
As you request.
[gasps and screams]
[Cyclops grunts]
[Mayor's men whimpering]
[Cyclops roars]
[man 5] Run!
[gasps, whimpers]
[Ethan and Hannah panting]
-[Cyclops grunts]
-[rumbling]
[sword banging]
[whimpers]
-[bones cracking]
-[flesh tearing]
[screams]
[Cyclops slurps]
[sword banging]
[roars]
[Ethan grunts]
Arisen, wait! Before you attack...
[Cyclops grunts]
[Ethan yells]
[sword impacts]
[Ethan breathing raggedly]
N-No way!
[whimpers] S-Sorry, boss!
[groans] What the hell are you doing?
Get back here!
-[Mayor gasps]
-We had a good run.
But I ain't dying for you.
-What?
-[man 2 grunts]
[Mayor] Cowards!
[grunts and groans]
[whimpers]
-[Ethan grunts]
-[gasps]
Hey. Hold on, now.
I get it.
I-I've seen the error of my ways.
Please, don't kill me!
The people you once ruled
will decide your fate.
[whimpers]
[groans]
[grunts]
-[crowd yelling in distance]
-[Ethan grunts]
[grunts]
-[man] Monster!
-[woman] You killed my daughter!
[man 2] Skin him alive!
[yelling continues]
[man 3] I say, let's raid the castle!
[man 4] Yeah! I want my food back!
[man 5] Let's do it!
[looters cheering and yelling]
[man 6] Hey, that was mine!
[man 7] Oh, yeah? Try and take it!
[Ethan] Calm down!
There's enough for everyone!
[children munching ravenously]
-[boy] It's mine!
-[girl] I saw it first!
[boy] Give me!
Give me that! I need more!
[sobs]
Humans are foolish creatures.
-[Hannah] What's wrong?
-[Ethan grunts]
[Ethan] Nothing.
Nothing's wrong.
[wind whistling]
[horse nickers]
[Goblins jabbering]